README.md, before:

# my-windows
My personal home PC. An open field for experimentation. Take a look at [vladdeSV/my-mac](https://github.com/vladdeSV/my-mac)

![Paid][Paid] means the software requires a payment for continued usage. These come with a free trial.\
![Upgrade][Upgrade] means the software has a paid upgrade, but does not require a payment for continued usage.\
![Open-Source][Open-Source] means the software is open-source.

[Paid]: /resource/paid.svg "Paid software"
[Upgrade]: /resource/upgrade.svg "Free with upgrade"
[Open-Source]: /resource/open-source.svg "Open-source sofware"

## Creative
### [Affinity Photo](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/photo/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Affinity Designer](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/designer/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Affinity Publisher](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/publisher/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
### [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
## Code
### [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
### GameMaker: Studio 1.4 ![Paid][Paid]
### [Microsoft Terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [PhpStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [JetBrains Toolbox](https://www.jetbrains.com/toolbox-app/)
### [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
## Audio
### [Voicemeeter Potato](https://www.vb-audio.com/Voicemeeter/potato.htm) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Virual Audio Cable](https://www.vb-audio.com/Cable/index.htm) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
### [Audio Router](https://github.com/audiorouterdev/audio-router) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [foobar2000](https://www.foobar2000.org/)
## Games
### [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/about/)
### [GOG Galaxy](https://www.gog.com/galaxy)
### [Discord](https://discord.com/)
## Other
### [AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com/)
### [MailBird](https://www.getmailbird.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/en/download/mac/) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
### [Folding@Home](https://foldingathome.org/)
### [7-Zip](https://www.7-zip.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [CPU-Z](https://www.cpuid.com/softwares/cpu-z.html)
### [HWiNFO](https://www.hwinfo.com/)
### [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [WinDirStat](https://windirstat.net/)

## License
[CC0 1.0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) © [Vladimirs Nordholm](https://github.com/vladdeSV)

Commit message:

add breif descriptions about most software

README.md, after:

# my-windows
My personal home PC. An open field for experimentation. Take a look at [vladdeSV/my-mac](https://github.com/vladdeSV/my-mac)

![Paid][Paid] means the software requires a payment for continued usage. These come with a free trial.\
![Upgrade][Upgrade] means the software has a paid upgrade, but does not require a payment for continued usage.\
![Open-Source][Open-Source] means the software is open-source.

[Paid]: /resource/paid.svg "Paid software"
[Upgrade]: /resource/upgrade.svg "Free with upgrade"
[Open-Source]: /resource/open-source.svg "Open-source sofware"

## Creative
### [Affinity Photo](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/photo/) ![Paid][Paid]
Faster and cheaper alternative to Adobe Photoshop. I don't work with photos, but this covers everything I need.

### [Affinity Designer](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/designer/) ![Paid][Paid]
Faster and cheaper alternative to Adobe Illustrator. Pretty nice to work with!

The icons ![Paid][Paid]! [Upgrade][Upgrade] ![Open-Source][Open-Source] are all made with this program.

### [Affinity Publisher](https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/publisher/) ![Paid][Paid]
Competitor for InDesign. I've never had to use it, but I bought it with the Affinity Photo and Affinity Designer.

### [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
The best substitute to Adobe Premiere. I use it because it's free, and because it's the best video editing alternative to Adobe Premiere.

### [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
Awesome software for making 3D anything.

## Code
### [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
The text editor I've loved over the years for it's speed. It's fast. It has a wide range of features, but speed is the primary reason I use this. Other GUI editors compare slow to Sublime Text.

### [Sublime Merge](https://www.sublimemerge.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
Hands down, the best Git client I've used. I even prefer this over the terminal.

### GameMaker: Studio 1.4 ![Paid][Paid]
Can no longer be bought, but I'd like to have this in the list still.

Stupid but powerful game making engine. I've made a couple small games with this. Also I started working on an extension to the standard library.

### [Microsoft Terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
Basically combines all shells into one program (CMD, PowerShell, whatever). Still buggy and I've run into issues with it. Still cool though, and I use it daily!

### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
All-purpose editor. Very neat. Highly suggest you get.

### [PhpStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [JetBrains Toolbox](https://www.jetbrains.com/toolbox-app/)
### [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
## Audio
### [Voicemeeter Potato](https://www.vb-audio.com/Voicemeeter/potato.htm) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Virual Audio Cable](https://www.vb-audio.com/Cable/index.htm) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
### [Audio Router](https://github.com/audiorouterdev/audio-router) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [Audacity](https://www.audacityteam.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
Simple audio recording software
### [foobar2000](https://www.foobar2000.org/)
## Games
### [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/about/)
### [GOG Galaxy](https://www.gog.com/galaxy)
### [Discord](https://discord.com/)
## Other
### [AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com/)
### [MailBird](https://www.getmailbird.com/) ![Paid][Paid]
### [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/en/download/mac/) ![Upgrade][Upgrade]
### [Folding@Home](https://foldingathome.org/)
### [7-Zip](https://www.7-zip.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [CPU-Z](https://www.cpuid.com/softwares/cpu-z.html)
### [HWiNFO](https://www.hwinfo.com/)
### [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) ![Open-Source][Open-Source]
### [WinDirStat](https://windirstat.net/)

## License
[CC0 1.0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) © [Vladimirs Nordholm](https://github.com/vladdeSV)
